This letter is to express my interest in the Cloud Software Engineer position that you posted on Linkedin. 

I have a strong grounding in both Node.js and front end JavaScript development. My front end experience has been split between Angular, React, and Backbone projects and is where I've spent the lion's share of my time as a developer. I have also spent a fair amount of time writing Node.js scripts to help with deploying hybrid Ionic applications or other Node based projects. My proper back end development experience has either been on Express servers or more recently with AWS Serverless lambdas.

My first development job was at a startup that was in the process of expanding. They needed someone to jump in and write an Angular application without any guidance. The developers I was working with at the time all lived in Japan, Romania, or Pakistan. This was both terrifying for a new developer and an excellent learning opportunity. 

After a few months I had transitioned from a complete novice to a reliable developer who could be counted on to produce quality code. As the company added more people I had more opportunities to talk to the senior developers at the company, and I was pushed to improve my code quality as well as my efficiency. Over the course of the next two years I learned about a broad range of cutting edge web technologies and generally grew into a quality coder who is an expert in Node.js and React.

My current job is at a Portland company with a well established office culture and a proper development team for me to work with. I was hired along with about a dozen other young coders to help them develop a new suite of products on a Backbone front end and supplemented by AWS Node lambdas. 

They use more traditional languages and frameworks than I previously used so I was initially unsure of how I would fit in.  I surprised myself by quickly mastering the eccentricities of their front ends and have developed a reputation as the resident Node expert. In turn, I have received some excellent mentorship in developing with Java. The time that I've spent at this job has also helped me to round myself out as a developer. It taught me to understand the nuances of maintaining an old code base with its immense tech debt and the challenges of developing software that's built to last.

I hope to hear from you soon,